README.md, before:

# Explanation poc
On the home page you can find the map and the filter. On the map you can see different markers, one for your friend, surrounding sounds, the other users and yourself of course. You can filter the marker by unchecking the desired marker.

You can click on the markers and then a popup will appear. Here you have different option for example, with a friend you can find the fastest way to get to him to of start a private chat with him. This can also be done with the other users. The sound has other options like muting and an overview of all the surrounding sounds.

Further, is there the option to go to a proximity chat.

![Screenshot of the home page](imagesReadme/homePage.png)

On the contact page is it possible to add a contact as a friend. You will need the contact ID of the person you want to add.
After you added the person it will be possible to chat with him or to remove him.

![Screenshot of the home page](imagesReadme/contactPage.png)

On the settings page you see some information and the choice to update your version. When you click on update an animation will start. At the end of the animation it will say that the update was successful.


![Screenshot of the home page](imagesReadme/settingPage.png)

# Resolution of the poc
We choose to use the resolution of the Iphone x. If your resolution on your computer is not right a notification will appear. There you can see in
what resolution you need to place it and in what orientation(landscape or portrait).

![Screenshot of the home page](imagesReadme/notification.png)

# Localy

- Open a terminal in the location you want.
- Type in the terminal 'git clone git@git.ti.howest.be:TI/2021-2022/s3/analysis-and-development-project/projects/group-17/client.git 
- This will create a a folder with all the files
- Now you can open the folder in the desired edit program.

Commit message:

Update README.md, imagesReadme/viewAllSounds.png, imagesReadme/viewContact.png, imagesReadme/friendId.png, imagesReadme/menu.png files

README.md, after:

# Explanation poc

Will start off with a picture of our home page.

![Screenshot of the home page](imagesReadme/homePage.png)

On the home page you can find the map and the filter. On the map you can see different markers, one for your friend, surrounding sounds, the other users and yourself of course. You can filter the marker by unchecking the desired marker.

You can click on the markers and then a popup will appear. Here you have different option for example, with a friend you can find the fastest way to get to him to of start a private chat with him. This can also be done with the other users. 

![Screenshot of the friend pop-up](imagesReadme/viewFriend.png)

Example of finding the fastest route to your friend.

![Screenshot of the route to your friend](imagesReadme/routeToFriend.png)

The sound has other options like muting and an overview of all the surrounding sounds.

![Screenshot of sound pop-up](imagesReadme/viewSound.png)

If you want to view all the current sounds select "See al noises" and an Overlay will appear.
Here you can mute all sounds or adjust the volume of the different sounds.

![Screenshot of all sounds](imagesReadme/viewAllSounds.png)

On the home page you can also find the button "Go to proximity chat" this wil open the chat were you can chat will all the people in your closes proximity.


At the topright corner you'll find the menu option.
This allows you to navigate to the differenct pages.
![Screenshot of menu](imagesReadme/menu.png)

On the contact page is it possible to add a contact as a friend. You will need the contact ID of the person you want to add.
After you added the person it will be possible to chat with him or to remove him.

![Screenshot of the contact page](imagesReadme/contactPage.png)

On the settings page you see some information and the choice to update your version. When you click on update an animation will start. At the end of the animation it will say that the update was successful.


![Screenshot of the settings page](imagesReadme/settingPage.png)

# Resolution of the poc
We choose to use the resolution of the Iphone x. If your resolution on your computer is not right a notification will appear. There you can see in
what resolution you need to place it and in what orientation(landscape or portrait).

![Screenshot of a notification](imagesReadme/notification.png)

# Localy

- Open a terminal in the location you want.
- Type in the terminal 'git clone git@git.ti.howest.be:TI/2021-2022/s3/analysis-and-development-project/projects/group-17/client.git 
- This will create a a folder with all the files
- Now you can open the folder in the desired edit program.
